.TH QTCHOOSER 1 "JANUARY 2, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.SH NAME
qtchooser \- a wrapper used to select between Qt development binary versions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B qtchooser
\fB\-list\-versions\fR
.br
.B qtchooser
\fB\-print\-env\fR [\fB\-qt=\fIversion\fR]
.br
.B qtchooser
\fB\-run\-tool=\fItool\fR [\fB\-qt=\fIversion\fR] [\fIprogram_arguments\fR]
.br
.B <executable_name>
[\fB\-qt=\fIversion\fR] [\fIprogram_arguments\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
Qt is a cross-platform C++ application framework. Qt's primary feature
is its rich set of widgets that provide standard GUI functionality.

The Qt Chooser provides a wrapper to switch between versions of Qt
development binaries when multiple versions like 4 and 5 are installed
or local Qt builds are to be used.

It is commonly used via a symlink from an \fIexecutable_name\fR like qmake.
.SH OPTIONS
The options which apply to the
\fBqtchooser\fR
command are:
.PP
\fB\-list\-versions\fR
.RS 4
Lists available Qt versions from the configuration files
.RE
.PP
\fB\-print\-env\fR
.RS 4
Prints environment information
.RE
.PP
\fB\-qt=\fIversion\fR
.RS 4
Selects \fIversion\fR as the Qt version to be used
.RE
.PP
\fB\-run\-tool=\fItool\fR
.RS 4
Runs the selected \fItool\fR.
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B QT_SELECT
Same as \fB\-qt=\fIversion\fR. If set, the selected configuration is used and binaries
symlinked to qtchooser will be executed without additional parameters.
.RE
.TP
.B XDG_CONFIG_HOME
.TP
.B XDG_CONFIG_DIRS
Used as specified in
<\fBhttp://standards.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html\fR>
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/xdg/qtchooser/*.conf
System-wide configuration files. Each has two lines, the first is the path
to the binaries and the second is the path to the Qt libraries. If a
\fIdefault.conf\fR is provided, the settings from it will be automatically
used in case nothing else is selected.
.TP
.I \fB$HOME\fP/.config/qtchooser/*.conf
User configuration files.

.SH AUTHOR
qtchooser was written by Thiago Macieira from Intel.
.PP
This manual page was written by Timo Jyrinki <timo@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
